Create 'Credentials' section of Controller UG (#469)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/ref-controller-credential-machine.adoc

Machine credentials require the following inputs:

* *Username*: The username to be used for SSH authentication.
* *Password*: The actual password to be used for SSH authentication.
This password will be stored encrypted in the database, if entered.
Alternatively, you can configure {ControllerName} to ask the user for the password at launch time by selecting *Prompt on launch*. 
In these cases, a dialog opens when the job is launched, promoting the user to enter the password and password confirmation.
* *SSH Private Key*: Copy or drag-and-drop the SSH private key for the machine credential.
* *Private Key Passphrase*: If the SSH Private Key used is protected by a password, you can configure a Key Password for the private key. 
This password is stored encrypted in the database, if entered.
Alternatively, you can configure {ControllerName} to ask the user for the password at launch time by selecting *Prompt on launch*. 
In these cases, a dialog opens when the job is launched, prompting the user to enter the password and password confirmation.
* *Privilege Escalation Method*: Specifies the type of escalation privilege to assign to specific users. 

> This is equivalent to specifying the `--become-method=BECOME_METHOD` parameter, where `BECOME_METHOD` is any of the following methods, or a custom method you've written. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is equivalent to specifying the `--become-method=BECOME_METHOD` parameter, where `BECOME_METHOD` is any of the following methods, or a custom method you have written. 
```

Begin entering the name of the method, and the appropriate name auto-populates.

//image:credentials-create-machine-credential-priv-escalation.png[image]

** *empty selection*: If a task/play has `become` set to `yes` and is used with an empty selection, then it will default to `sudo`
** *sudo*: Performs single commands with super user (root user) privileges
** *su*: Switches to the super user (root user) account (or to other user accounts)
** *pbrun*: Requests that an application or command be run in a controlled account and provides for advanced root privilege delegation and keylogging
** *pfexec*: Executes commands with predefined process attributes, such as specific user or group IDs
** *dzdo*: An enhanced version of sudo that uses RBAC information in an Centrify's Active Directory service. 
For more information, see Centrify's link:http://community.centrify.com/t5/Centrify-Server-Suite/FAQ-What-is-DirectAuthorize-dzdo-dzwin/td-p/21193[site on DZDO]

> ** *pmrun*: Requests that an application is run in a controlled account, see link:http://documents.software.dell.com/privilege-manager-for-unix/6.0/administrators-guide/privilege-manager-programs/pmrun[Privilege Manager for Unix 6.0]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** *pmrun*: Requests that an application is run in a controlled account. See link:http://documents.software.dell.com/privilege-manager-for-unix/6.0/administrators-guide/privilege-manager-programs/pmrun[Privilege Manager for Unix 6.0]
```
